README.md, before:

# Sulu - Content Management

[![](https://travis-ci.org/sulu/sulu-standard.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/sulu/sulu-standard)
[![Scrutinizer Code Quality](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/sulu/sulu-standard/badges/quality-score.png?s=3039e48d6515ea846578ca06f3c5bd5442ad3c5b)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/sulu/sulu-standard/)

[Sulu](http://sulu.io/) is an open-source content management platform based on the
[Symfony PHP framework](http://cmf.symfony.com/). Use it as a CMS to develop and
manage enterprise multi-sites or as a development environment to create reliable
and high-performant web-apps.

We use [Browserstack](https://www.browserstack.com/) for cross browser testing.

**Although Sulu is stable and already used in production it is still under
heavy development. Therefore we can not guarantee full backwards compatibility
at the current stage.**

## Installation

For the install guide and reference, see:

* [installation guide](http://docs.sulu.io/en/latest/book/getting-started.html)

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. Please see our [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/sulu/sulu-standard/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md) guide.

Commit message:

update readme file for sulu minimal

README.md, after:

## This repository is not longer the recommeded way to start a [sulu](https://github.com/sulu/sulu) project have a look at the [documentation](http://docs.sulu.io/) how to start a new project using the new [sulu-minimal](https://github.com/sulu/sulu-minimal) edition.

# Sulu - Content Management

[![](https://travis-ci.org/sulu/sulu-standard.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/sulu/sulu-standard)
[![Scrutinizer Code Quality](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/sulu/sulu-standard/badges/quality-score.png?s=3039e48d6515ea846578ca06f3c5bd5442ad3c5b)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/sulu/sulu-standard/)

[Sulu](http://sulu.io/) is an open-source content management platform based on the
[Symfony PHP framework](http://cmf.symfony.com/). Use it as a CMS to develop and
manage enterprise multi-sites or as a development environment to create reliable
and high-performant web-apps.

We use [Browserstack](https://www.browserstack.com/) for cross browser testing.

**Although Sulu is stable and already used in production it is still under
heavy development. Therefore we can not guarantee full backwards compatibility
at the current stage.**

## Installation

For the install guide and reference, see:

* [installation guide](http://docs.sulu.io/en/latest/book/getting-started.html)

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. Please see our [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/sulu/sulu-standard/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md) guide.
